Add PG option in contact action (#24741)
idaholab/moose: framework/doc/content/syntax/Constraints/Petrov-Galerkin_approach_for_Lagrange_multipliers.md

The Petrov-Galerkin method is implemented in MOOSE by overwriting the Lagrange multiplier's (dual) test functions using that of a standard Lagrange multiplier variable. This functionality is enabled for all mortar-based constraints and the weighted-gap user object.

> To successfully use this approach in `ContactAction`, one just need to set `use_petrov_galerkin = true` in the `Contact` block. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To successfully use this approach in the contact action, one just needs to set `use_petrov_galerkin = true` in the `Contact` block. For example:
```
